# ABSTRACT

The Wiper Control System is used to control the operational speed of a wiper to  wash the Windshield of cars and other heavy vehicles like buses and trucks in accordance with rain conditions. It has been implemented by using STM32F407VG Microcontroller in a workspace software named STM32CubeIDE using C programming. We can install this system in cars or buses or trucks to clean the Windshield. In this project we have used a STM32F4-Discovery Board which already consists of LEDs of various colours like Red, Blue, Green, Orange. The working of this wiper control system is visualised by working of this LEDs at different frequency ranges. At first the Red LED is ON when the user button is pressed and held for 2 seconds. This represents the system is ON, this is the Ignition Key Position at Acc in Wiper Control System. With the system in ON condition the Blue, Green and Orange LEDs turns ON one at a time with the set frequency, The frequency changes on every alternate key press, 3 frequency levels with 1, 4 and 8 Hz. With variation in frequency the Blue, Green, Orange LEDs turns on at faster time intervals. This represents the Wiper ON in Wiper Control System. The LED glow pattern stops during the 4th press. This represents the Wiper OFF in Wiper Control System. By the next press of user button the process is repeated with sequencial LED glow pattern. Finally the Red LED is OFF when the user button is pressed and held for 2 seconds. This represents the system is OFF, this is the Ignition Key Position at Lock in Wiper Control System. The main application of the system is to prevent the vehicles from accidents during rainy climates where the driver may forget to operate the windshield so this system operates the windshield.The speed of the windshield can also be varied depending upon the amount of rain. This is same as varying the frequencies of LEDs by pressing user button. Accurate sensing information allows the processor to operate the system so that the electronic modules can optimize their performance and maximize their reliability no matter in any working conditions.